Adding Dynamic Form Field Configuration Example (#15)
ni/systemlink-enterprise-examples: Dynamic Form Fields Configuration Example/README.md

# Dynamic Form Fields Configuration Example

This example demonstrates how to define a Dynamic Form Fields configuration 
with a set of fields from each field type.

## Dynamic Form Fields Configuration

A Dynamic Form Field configuration is used to display custom fields inside 
the following resources in SystemLink Enterprise: Work order, Test plan, 

> Product, Asset and System. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product, Asset, and System. 
```

Dynamic Form Fields configurations can be created using the Dynamic Form 
Fields API's POST `/nidynamicformfields/v1/configurations` endpoint. 

The [DynamicFormFieldConfigurationExample.json](DynamicFormFieldConfigurationExample.json) 
provides an example of a Dynamic Form Fields configuration with 1 view,
2 groups, and several examples from all types of fields:

  - Text Field
  - Checkbox Field
  - Number Field
  - Enum Field

## How to use this example

> Before using this example file, you should check and update his content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using this example file, you should check and update the following content:
```
